[Music]
hi I'm rockin Robin from cooking Mexican
recipes calm and today I'm making soft
tacos now one of the nice things about
soft tacos is that when you bite into it
a lot of times what will happen if you
have a hard shell is it'll crack and all
your ingredients fall over the plate
well with soft tacos that doesn't happen
so that's what we're gonna make today so
for this recipe we're going to use a
pound and a half of ground beef I have
one yellow onion finely chopped I have
one cup of tomato sauce 3 tablespoons of
oregano leaves two and a quarter
teaspoons of ground cumin I have three
cloves of minced garlic and a teaspoon
and a half of salt we're gonna start
with three tablespoons of oil in the
frying pan
now my recipe calls for a vegetable ill
but today I'm using olive oil and that
works just fine too I'm going to place
my onion into the frying pan I'm going
to saute the onions for four to five
minutes until they become translucent
the onions are soft now so now I'm going
to add the ground beef
[Music]
all right so now I'm going to add some
salt we're gonna cook this until the
muse done
the ground beef is just now finished and
there's a little excess oil in there so
I'm going to drain that out okay so now
I'm gonna add my minced garlic we're
gonna saute the garlic for another three
minutes to bring out the flavor okay now
we're ready to add the last three
ingredients our tomato sauce our oregano
and our ground cumin get it all mixed in
and cook it for about five minutes and
they'll be ready to go for our tacos our
meat has been simmering now for five to
ten minutes and it's ready to go all all
the flavors have melded together and
it's it's very tasty and now we're
waiting for the oil I'm gonna start
showing you how to do the soft taco
portion of this recipe so in order to
make our soft taco shells I've got about
a quarter now maybe a half a cup of
olive oil in my frying pan heating it up
over medium heat so I'm gonna take a
tortilla a piece of one and see how it's
bubbling up that's what I'm looking for
so my oil is hot enough and ready to go
so I've got a couple of tortillas here
with some tongs I'm going to dip them in
the torque in the oil you can hear it
sizzling up a little bit I want to make
sure that the oil gets on both of the
tortillas I'm gonna let them cook just a
little bit so they firm up and take them
out
draining a little bit and put it on
paper towels put another paper towel on
top to kind of absorb the oil turn this
one over or Pat it now we're ready for
our ingredients okay I've dipped my
tortillas in the oil so now they're
softened and now I'm going to put all
the ingredients inside and make our
tacos we've got the ground beef of
course I've got some lettuce we've got
some grated up cheddar cheese I've got
some sliced avocado tomato sour cream
and some salsa take the tortilla and I'm
gonna place it on my plate and I'm gonna
add some ground beef tomato sprinkle
with cheese
slice of avocado a little bit of salsa
and when we close it up sometimes they
don't want to stay but the sour cream
really helps to almost act like a glue
and holds it together if you need a
little extra help you can stick a
toothpick in there there we go to soft
beef tacos so that's how you make beef
soft tacos I hope that helps you and be
sure and stop by my website at cooking
Mexican recipes comm for more recipes
you can cook at home
and remember it's got to be hot to be
good
[Music]